There are two more that
I want to talk about,
these start to bridge the gap where we
can get a little bit more sophisticated.
And one of the reason
why I call them out is,
because just simply with their names and
get a little bit confusing, take while and
skip while took some functions,
right, that manipulated the values.
But if you look in that
example right there,
in this case,
there's not a function there.
skipUntil and takeUntil rely
on other observables, right,
which means when they show up,
right, this observable will then
subscribe to those observables,
and basically it will skip.
In this case, we have a timer
that goes off after two seconds,
we have a timer that goes off
after seven seconds, right?
This case the interval is
gonna be pumping out values,
however it's gonna skip them all
in total that timer goes off,
till values emitted from first timer,
then it will start letting
values through,
into there's an omission from takeUntil.
Right, and
then it will stop listening to any values,
effectively complete at that point.
Now, if only somebody had,
a not great counter somewhere
that was manually subscribing and
unsubscribing to values,
turns out that we do.
Right, so, if you think about our
counter right now, we have the start
stop buttons that are emitting events,
right of any way, shape and form.
Right, we have this interval that we want
to start and stop based on those buttons.
What my challenge for you is,
can you rewire a counter so
that it is skipping values until
someone hits the start button,
and it will take them until
someone hits the pause button.
Right, don't worry about too much about
the values you see on the screen,
the idea is we don't want it
incrementing or at all, right?
Whatever value increments to, we don't
care at this point, we'll fix that later,
but we want to do is,
remove that global variable.
And basically say, we have the streams
of clicks on those two buttons, and
we will start counting and updating
the DOM when the start button hits, and
we will stop when the pause button hits,
right.
So we're gonna use takeUntil and
skipUntil, we could use scan as well,
that's a little bonus, just worry about
getting the DOM to start and stop, and
we'll figure out how we could also
use scan as well, along the way.